that'd be waiting Oh you usually delete
that because I don't want people to
think okay hi wait wait five-second head
start
oh god he's all hoping my hair he all
over my hello how are you today I'm just
playing I'm not gonna talk like that see
I feel like I am at a professional nail
to be wet why are you so quiet
Oh Christy girls yeah this is involved
yeah yeah a lot and this is only our
first person we still have to do her
especially is going to be my mother and
my mother retarded face yeah cause she's
my sister from the movie and she's one
of her best friends but my best friend
couldn't conquer Dumbo walk up to your
house and play a best friend cooking
cool a ding-dong maybe in part three
every secret call it Avery's life
what to everywhere
dude we see if I wanted that yeah yes
sorry and the link is in the description
Jesus has misspoke Shawn
yeah